$${\color{red}––––––PLEASE \space READ \space––––––}$$

This is a portfolio of some code I've written, either privately or for educational purpose, over the years. Some of the projects are very basic, but I tried to include as much different projects as possible to show my versatility. I am mostly proficient in Python, Java, JavaScript, Matlab, SQL, HTML and CSS. Have knowledge of HTTPS and IPs as well. I am also familiar with coding concepts from machine learning and AI (and libraries like scikit, pandas, pytorch).

Furthermore, I have done several projects in UX design in Figma. [Click here](https://www.figma.com/proto/h8rYvxVRC3jPVPWL5lxbEY/Final-Project-(Finance)?node-id=1060-3891&starting-point-node-id=1060%3A3880) for one of my projects called BudgetBuddy where I, during my exchange term in Copenhagen, created an "AI Financial Advisor" to help youth with managing their finances upon moving away from home for the first time. When running the animation, be patient with answering the BudgetBot's questions (this was part of our assignment) until you reach the home screen! :)

Lastly I have also created games in virtual reality using Unity and Oculus Quest 2, in combination with backend game design coding in C#. This was a school project we had completely free rein over, and I decided to really challenge myself in something I had never done before (taught myself Unity and C# for the project, explaining why it is quite basic) but found it super fun overall. The task was to create a game and compare two different modalities (in this case haptic and visual feedback) and evaluate them. [Click here](https://youtube.com/shorts/GEtwTgkdaXs) for a link to a youtube video where we are showcasing our simple Bartender Game, where the task is to as quickly and with as few mistakes as possible finish the drink orders from the customers.
